JAVASCRIPT:

java script is a programming language to  define responsive web pages.
Brendan Eich invented a Javascript in 1995.
Javascript is also called as ECMA script which is nothing but scripting language by the company name called netscape.


=>
Functions:
	Function is a reserved keyword used to perform set of actions in javascript.
There 2 types of functions in java script.

1. System functions:
	They are nothing but pre defined functions in javascript.
ex: document.write,alert,console.log

2. User defined functions:
	is nothing but users can write or define their own functions according to their needs.



Syntax for defining a Functions:
	function functionname(parameters)
	{
		//web
	}
*function is a keyword that tells javascript that you are defining a function.
*functionname is a name of the function.It can be defined with any name as per user needs.



Steps to define a function name:
a) It must be one word.
b) It must contain only letters,numbers or underscore.(a-z,A-Z,0-9,_).
c) It cannot begin with a number.
d) It cannot be used as any of the reserved keywords.
    ex: function,alert,document,javascript etc.


=>
Variable:
	variables are used to define or declare some values in javascript.

Syntax:
	var  variableName='value';
*var is a reserved keyword to define the variable.
*variableName is name of the variable where user is defining according to their needs.


Rules to define a variable:
* It must be one word.
* It must consists only of letters,numbers and underscore.
* It must not begin with a number.
* It should not contain any of the reserved keyword.



Local Variables:
	variables which are declared inside the function and we cannot access local variables outside the function.

Global Variables:
	global variables are the variables which are declared outside the function and it can be accessible from anywhere.
If local variables are not defined inside a function then by default global variables can be initialized.



=>
This keyword:
	In a function definition this refers to owner of the function.In our example (c1) this refers to person object.
The person object owns the fullname method or function.


In javascript almost everything is an object:-
1) Booleans can be object.(if it is defined with a new keyword).
2) Numbers can be an object if it is defined in new keyword.
3)Strings can be an object if it is defined with new keyword.
4) Dates are always objects .
5) Arrays are always objects.
6) Functions are always objects.
7) Objects are always objects.

=>
DOM:
With HTML Dom javascript can access and can change all the elements of the html document.
Javascript can change all the HTML  elements ina a page.
Javascript can change all the HTML attributes in the page.
Javascript can change all the css styles in the page.
Javascript can add new HTML elements and attributes.
Javascript can create new HTML events in the page.
For example:- document.getElementById, document.getElementByClassName, document.getElementByTagName.